The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
She sells seashells by the seashore.
All that glitters is not gold.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
The early bird catches the worm.
Actions speak louder than words.
Time flies like an arrow but fruit flies like a banana.
To be or not to be that is the question.
It was the best of times it was the worst of times.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth.
Knowledge is power but wisdom is knowing how to use it.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Ask not what your country can do for you.
We shall fight on the beaches we shall never surrender.
That's one small step for man one giant leap for mankind.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Call me Ishmael some years ago never mind how long precisely.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession.
Happy families are all alike every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
It was a bright cold day in April and the clocks were striking thirteen.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm.
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.
The sky above the port was the color of television tuned to a dead channel.
All children except one grow up.
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life.
You don't know about me without you have read a book by the name of Tom Sawyer.
As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed.
It was a pleasure to burn.
Somewhere in la Mancha in a place whose name I do not care to remember.
The past is a foreign country they do things differently there.
He was an old man who fished alone in a skiff in the Gulf Stream.
Through the fence between the curling flower spaces I could see them hitting.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
Stately plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead bearing a bowl of lather.
It was love at first sight the first time Yossarian saw the chaplain he fell madly in love with him.
A screaming comes across the sky.
Many years later as he faced the firing squad Colonel Aureliano Buendía.
Mother died today or maybe yesterday I can't be sure.
Once upon a time and a very good time it was there was a moocow.
The sun shone having no alternative on the nothing new.
When he was nearly thirteen my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow.
If you really want to hear about it the first thing you'll probably want to know.
You better not never tell nobody but God.
The village of Holcomb stands on the high wheat plains of western Kansas.
Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board.
124 was spiteful full of a baby's venom.
I am an invisible man no I am not a spook like those who haunted Edgar Allan Poe.
It was the day my grandmother exploded.
It was a wrong number that started it the telephone ringing three times.
The cold passed reluctantly from the earth and the retiring fogs revealed an army stretched out.
Having placed in my mouth sufficient bread for three minutes chewing I withdrew my powers of sensual perception.
A story has no beginning or end arbitrarily one chooses that moment of experience.
The moment one learns English complications set in.
Vaughan died yesterday in his last car crash.
I write this sitting in the kitchen sink.
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice.
It was a dark and stormy night the rain fell in torrents.
Once an angry man dragged his father along the ground through his own orchard.
I am always drawn back to places where I have lived any place I have been during neurasthenic times.
The towers of Zenith aspired above the morning mist.
One summer afternoon Mrs. Oedipa Maas came home from a Tupperware party.
The shadow of the first man to be hanged there must have been the ugliest thing that ever happened to it.
I'll make my report as if I told a story for I was taught as a child.
When I stepped out into the bright sunlight from the darkness of the movie house.
I am seated in an office surrounded by heads and bodies.
I've watched through his eyes I've listened through his ears and I tell you he's the one.
The drought had lasted now for ten million years and the reign of the terrible lizards had long since ended.
Midway in our life's journey I went astray from the straight road and woke to find myself alone.
Someone must have slandered Josef K. for one morning without having done anything wrong he was arrested.
This is the saddest story I have ever heard.
It was Wang Lung's marriage day.
The year 1866 was signalized by a remarkable incident a mysterious and inexplicable phenomenon.
Although I work in the relatively clean field of books I know of few things filthier.
Granted I am an inmate of a mental hospital my keeper is watching me.
The first time I laid eyes on Terry Malloy he was taking a fifteen count on the deck.
It was just noon that Sunday morning when the sheriff reached the jail with Lucas Beauchamp.
This time there would be no witnesses.
Hale knew before he had been in Brighton three hours that they meant to murder him.
Every summer Lin Kong returned to Goose Village to divorce his wife Shuyu.
All of this happened a long time ago.
In the last years of the seventeenth century there was to be found among the fops.
First of all it was October a rare month for boys.
They're out there.
These are the generations of the heaven and of the earth when they were created.
The studio was filled with the rich odor of roses and when the light summer wind stirred.
It was now lunch time and they were all sitting under the double green fly of the dining tent.
I was born twice first as a baby girl on a remarkably smogless Detroit day in January of 1960.
A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head.
Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
Amergo Bonasera sat in New York Criminal Court Number 3 and waited for justice.